# Monster Hunt

Monster Hunt is a team based modification for Unreal Tournament comprising two 
new game types, Monster Hunt, Monster Arena, and Monster Defence.

![](https://i.imgur.com/N6g9JBj.gif)
![](https://i.imgur.com/RnnNFtV.gif)
![](https://i.imgur.com/2tK2kiZ.gif)
![](https://i.imgur.com/YxNhO7u.gif)

In *Monster Hunt*, you and your team of hunters (humans or bots) must work your 
way through the level while killing everything that stands in your way. 
Monsters you'll face range from the tiny but deadly Pupae, to slimy Sliths
that spew blobs of slime at you, to the huge stone-throwing Titans.

Monster Hunt is the perfect blend of multiplayer and single player, single 
player in the sense that the levels and style of Monster Hunt are very much 
like that of a single player game, but the team based gameplay gives it a great
multiplayer feel.

Players must work as a team to survive, players on their own will be 
overpowered by the monsters and sent back to the beginning of the level. 
Players shouldn't grab all the health and ammo as they come to it, it should be
shared out amongst the players who need it most, or you could let one player 
grab lots of health and pick-ups and he can then charge the monsters to weaken
them, the other players following. All this also adds a bit of strategy to the
gameplay.

*Monster Arena* is very different from Monster Hunt, in Monster Arena, you and 
your team aren't battling your way through the level to get to the boss at the
end, rather you are faced with one extremely powerful monster that must be 
killed.

In *Monster Defence*, the Skaarj have discovered how to open a portal to Earth,
which you and your team have managed to seize control of for the moment. The
Skaarj will stop at nothing to send their invasion force through the portal, so
it is your job to prevent them escaping.

Hold them off for as long as you can!

---

See [The ReadMe](resources/Help/MonsterHunt/ReadMe.html) for more game details and 
information.
